```@meta
EditURL = "../../../literate/tutorials/Autoencoder_EEG_Meeting_Minutes.jl"
```

Autoencoder
                 Team:Shaolong, Ramnath Rao Bekal, Rahul Bhaskaram
                                                      31/8/2024

1.Definition
1.Learning rate
Too high a learning rate might cause the model to oscillate or even diverge during training, leading to poor convergence. This could result in poor quality of the graphics generated by the autoencoder, with significant loss of detail.
Too low a learning rate might lead to excessively slow training and the model might get stuck in local minima. This could cause the autoencoder to generate overly smooth images that miss some important features.
2. Epoch Number
Too few epochs might prevent the model from adequately learning the features in the data, affecting the quality and accuracy of the reconstructed graphics.
Too many epochs might lead to overfitting where the model performs well on the training data but poorly on new, unseen data. An overfitted autoencoder might generate images that are too reliant on specific noise and details of the training data, instead of learning a more general representation of the data.
3. Batch Size
Smaller batch sizes generally provide a more accurate gradient estimation but might lead to a less stable training process and longer training times. Smaller batches might enable the model to learn more details, potentially leading to better performance in image reconstruction tasks.
Larger batch sizes can speed up training and stabilize gradient estimations but may reduce the generalization ability of the model during training. In autoencoders, too large a batch might result in reconstructed images that lack detail and appear more blurred or smooth.
4. Mean Squared Error (MSE)
a commonly used metric to measure the average squared difference between the observed actual values (targets) and the values predicted by a model. The MSE loss rate is calculated as the mean of the squares of these differences. It quantifies how well the model's predictions match the actual data, with a lower MSE indicating better performance.
5.R-Squared error(R²)
also known as the coefficient of determination, is a statistical measure that indicates how well the variance in the dependent variable is explained by the independent variables in the model. It ranges from 0 to 1, with values closer to 1 indicating a better fit. R² loss rate is often used to describe the proportion of the variance that is not explained by the model.

2.Code explanation
1. First Formula: Includes the effects of both sight and hearing
f = @formula 0 ~ 0 + sight + hearing
2.Second Formula: Includes only the effect of hearing
f_hearing = @formula 0 ~ 0 + hearing
3.Third Formula: Includes only the effect of sight
f_sight = @formula 0 ~ 0 + sight

---

*This page was generated using [Literate.jl](https://github.com/fredrikekre/Literate.jl).*

